LLM Page Updates for 1.4 - Lemonade (#358)
amd/ryzen-ai-documentation: docs/llm/high_level_python.rst

High-Level Python SDK
#####################

A Python environment offers flexibility for experimenting with models, profiling them, and integrating them into Python applications

> We use the Lemonade SDK from the `ONNX TurnkeyML project <https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml>`_ to get up and running quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `Lemonade SDK <https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/main/docs/lemonade/README.md>`_ from the to get up and running quickly.
```

What do you think of this change? IMO the TKML mentions aren't helping.

You only need to do this once per computer:

> 1. Make sure your system has the recommended Ryzen AI driver installed as described in the `Ryzen AI Installation Guide <https://ryzenai.docs.amd.com/en/latest/inst.html#install-npu-drivers>`_.

Reviewer: Suggest adding an anchor like this to inst.rst:

```rst
.. _install-driver:

*******************
Install NPU Drivers
*******************

```

And then in this code:

```suggestion
1. Make sure your system has the recommended Ryzen AI driver installed as described in the :ref:`install-driver`.
```

That way links will work on staging sites, if inst.html moves, etc.
